	For this preview, I decided to browse Freesound for some recordings that would fit in my curated “office environment.” I found someone who recorded their campus library that I thought fit really well as background noise, where a few conversations are happening somewhat far away. I added a recording of an office printer as well. I’m not sure how well it will fit in with the rest of my soundscape, but when I was brainstorming, I thought back to the example projects we listen to and their use of sounds that were super specific, which I thought the use of the printer would replicate. I played around with fade in and fade out, and I probably will end up keeping those changes to both these repurposed assets.      I wanted these recordings to represent the way that society has idealized being in a real place, like the office, pre-Covid, in that we’re all longing to go back and be with other people, supposedly, but for what? I think I’ll play around with effects that work with distance — I don’t really know how to do this, but I think it could be really cool to have this curated office environment feel like it’s being pushed farther and farther away in terms of space, beyond just fading out.      In terms of created assets, I recorded the Microsoft Teams call ringtone and placed that at the beginning of the audio, and I liked the idea of having that abrupt notification kind of jolt the start my soundscape, or at least serve as a moment later on that really commands your attention by utilizing the notoriety of this tune (I’m assuming this sound makes everyone else wince).       My next step for created assets will consist of recording interviews/conversations with my source (my roommate Jen). I’m really interested in utilizing my own voice as well as a means to start conversation or make points that speak to things on my mind. My inspiration for this portion has come from the Q&A part of the “Modern Love” podcast — Miya Lee has such a soft voice but uses it to ask such devastating, evocative questions. 